Eating and sleeping along the way
around the clock
I finally arrived at the Freeland Gate as scheduled
My dad can say
This time, Freeland Gate's apprenticeship ceremony is different from before
Not only are there outer sect elders
There are also Saintess Forest Farm to receive inner disciples
Doesn't that mean
We have the opportunity to directly enter the inner gate
Yes, as long as you directly enter the inner door
We can jump over the dragon gate with carp
That's it!
Two brothers
The inner gate and the ten thousand gates you just mentioned
What do you mean?
Canghai door 3 inner door outer door
Only true geniuses can enter the inner sect to practice
The status of Chinese is even more different
I heard that there are enemy disciples above this
What are you talking to him about?
You see he's wearing rags
I knew it was a small place to try my luck
Can you move in outside?
You're right.
This trip to the South Gate is not an Arabian dog
Can't enter
In a hurry
I forgot to bring my change of clothes
this body
It's really broken.
Freeland Gate, I must be defeated
Only so
To avenge Master Huanglong